
Word of caution: this software kind of works, but it's pretty alpha at
the moment.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Ridinghood is an experimental web browser that aims to provide
reasonable privacy from common tracking methods employed by for-profit
corporations.

A big inspiration is this blog post:
https://theperplexingpariah.co.uk/my-firefox.html

Having used plugins like request block and self destructing cookies in
firefox, I have some ideas for some simple changes to how the browser
works that would aleviate a lot of the usability problems that those
plugins have.

The end goal is to have something that provides a reasonable user
experience, but always favors safety over simple learning curve.

The UI is probably just as important as security specifics.  It should
make it easy to have good password hygene.  It should not train you to
type your master password repeatedly into easily spoofed dialogue
boxes (damn it, firefox!).

The core of this project is segmentation.  Modern web browsers share
all sorts of data between browsing contexts that can be used to track
you.  Segmenting browsing contexts off into "universes" (a collection
of domains considered to be a coherent group + 3rd parties where its
ok to make requests to) would go a long way to provide resonable
privacy from tracking.

For example, say there are two websites that both have a 3rd party
advertising partner and a shared CDN.  The two websites would be in
different universes, and would have different user agent strings +
other browsing context differents that would result in different
fingerprints.  Requests in either context to the allowed CDN would be
fingerprinted differently depending on which universe they originated.
The advertising partner would be filtered out.
